So throughout this module we had a look at a lot of important basics you have to know when working with
React Native you'll learn about these core components which you import from React Native and that you
only can work with these core components.
You can build your own components but these components then in turn all they have to be based on these
built in core components or on other custom components which then are based on these core components.
That is really crucial you have to use these core components and you can solve these core components
with the help of inline styles or a style sheet as we're doing it here in the end all the styling of
course happens with JavaScript because that's all just a javascript code here.
It's a javascript object in the end to which we're then pointing here when we're assigning a style.
And in general you control your entire UI with JavaScript.
This part here the view.
So the elements you're building here.
This is the part which React Native will compile to native code.
This part up here you're our javascript code.
Dad will stay javascript code that will not be compiled.
Instead Dad will run in this virtual machine which I showed you in Section 1 of this course and we'll
then talk to the native code through a special bridge set up by React Native now and other than that
we use normal react features.
We're using props to pass data around reusing state here with use state they use state hook to use functional
components only you could have converted this to a class based component to use set state there and
use state and there as you probably learned about class based components.
But I want to use this very modern react syntax and hence I use react hooks.
And with that we got the basics set.
Now of course besides the official docs which are always worth a look if you want to learn more about
a specific component will dive much deeper into these components we used here into styling and in the
next section we'll also have a look at how you can debug such application before we then build a different
app a more beautiful apple ready where we didn't dive also into questions like how you can adjust your
app to different device sizes how you can style your widgets your components with a bit of a nicer way
and also how you can adjust your styles or your layout to the different platforms.
So I guess for Android you're running on.